Direction finding connectionless beacon sample app: add support for nRF5340 (#4769)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direction_finding_connectionless_tx/README.rst

|config|

> This sample configuration is split into two parts:
> * generic configuration is available in :file:`prj.conf` file
> * board specific configuration is avaialbe in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample configuration is split into the following files:

* generic configuration is available in :file:`prj.conf` file
* board specific configuration is available in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file
```

Author: Changed: added empty line and changed first sentence.

> Board specific configuration for the sample application is Bluetooth LE controller configuration.
> For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>` Bluetooth LE controller is part of a ``child image`` aimed to run on network core.
> Configuration for a child image is stored in :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Board specific configuration involves configuring the Bluetooth LE controller.
For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, the Bluetooth LE controller is part of a ``child image`` aimed to run on the network core.
Configuration for the child image is stored in :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.
```

Author: Updated according to suggestion

Reviewer: The first sentence here has one "configuration" too much, at the end of the sentence.

Author: I'm sorry. It should be correct now.

|config|

This sample configuration is split into the following two files:

* generic configuration is available in :file:`prj.conf` file

> * board specific configuration is avaialbe in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* board specific configuration is available in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file
```

Author: Corrected. thank you.

> Board specific configuration involves configuring the Bluetooth LE controller configuration.

Reviewer: Something must have went wrong here... Seems to be one configuration too much, at the end of the sentence.

Author: I'm sorry. It should be correct now.

See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this option.
For more information about using configuration overlay files, see :ref:`zephyr:important-build-vars` in the Zephyr documentation.

> To build this sample with angle of arrival mode only for :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>` add content of :file:`overlay-aoa.conf` to :file:`child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf`.

Reviewer: Make this the second sentence in the section
```suggestion
To build this sample for :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, with angle of arrival mode only, add content of :file:`overlay-aoa.conf` file to :file:`child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf` file.
```

Author: Updated according to suggestion
